-: Welcome back.
In this demo we are going to use the Kubernetes service
with external DNS.
So, which means Kubernetes, service,
off type load balancer
we are going to add that external DNS annotation here.
And we are going to provide that DNS name here
and the application whatever you are going to deploy
with this respect your load balancer service.
So, you're going to now access it directly
with the custom DNS whatever we have created, right?
So, the Kubernetes service off type load balancer
creates a classic load balancer in AWS
and it's DNS name will be registered
as alias in the Route 53 for the external DNS name,
whatever you have specified.
And whenever you access external DNS KES service
demo.stacksimplified.com
request will come to classic load balancer
and from there,
you'll be able to access your application parts
load balancer under this respect too load balancer, right?
Let's go back to our GitHub repository
and enter into the section 0808
use external DNS for Kubernetes service.
And if you see here,
we are going to create a Kubernetes service
of type load balancer and annotate it
with external DNS related annotation for it DNS name, right?
So, and then deploy and then verify the stuff.
So, let's go back here
and if you see in 0808
use external DNS for Kubernetes service.
So you can see this 01 Nginx is app one deployment, right?
And 0 to Nginx is a load balancer service.
It is like humanity service of type load balancer.
And here, we have added the annotation here.
External DNS KES service demo 201.stacksimplify.com
Our sum 101.stacksimplify.com
whatever it is, right?
So, now let's go back to GitHub repository
and go to step three deploy and then verify.
So, let's go to the terminal here
and enter into the section 0808.
Use external DNS for Kubernetes surveys
and clear and we'll say kube manifest.
We should find the two files here and kubectl.
apply -f and kube manifest.
So, this should create the Nginx app 1 deployment
and Nginx app fund load balancer service for us.
So, let's wait for the deployment to get completed.
So, now let's go back here and go to load balancers here
in EC2 and refresh it.
So, it is creating a classic load balancer for us.
So, let's wait for this to get created.
Currently, the status is zero
out of two instances is in service,
so we'll wait for these things to come into service.
In addition to that,
we can go back
and then verify our external DNS logs in parallel.
So, let's come here and verify those things.
So, let's wait for the logs to display
and you can see it has already created desired change,
create external DNS KES service demo101.stack simplify.com
in so and so hosted zone.
So now, two records in zonestacksimplify.com
were successfully updated.
So, now let's go back here and go to the route 53
and go to stack simplify.com related hosted zone
and you should find that external DNS KES
servicedemo101.stacksimplify.com
and you can copy this,
and come here and run the NS lookup and provide the DNS name
and it is resolving to the IP address.
So, let's wait for this thing like it to come in service.
So, now it is in service
two out of two instances are in service.
So, now let's access this in the browser with this DNS name.
So, what is the DNS name?
So, this is the DNS name we have used.
So, let's take this and put it here.
And we are using the app1/index.html.
So, that is what right.
If you see here and let's look up is done.
And this is the DNS name /app1/index.html
And this is a HTTP URL, right?
So, simple thing and your app1 is accessible.
So which means we have used the external DNS
with the Kubernetes service and it is successful.
So, now we can go ahead
and then delete the kube manifest here.
So, I'll say kubectl, delete -f kube manifest.
And once it is deleted,
we'll go ahead and also verify our external DNS logs here.
So, let me go here
and get the external DNS logs related command
and let's run this command and wait for the logs.
So, automatically it need to delete the DNS record
whatever it has created.
So, here you have seen the create related message.
So, let's wait further delete related message now.
We can see here we got the message.
Delete external DNS, delete external DNS, so and so,
and two records in zone got updated now.
So, let's go back here to stacksimplify.com.
And you should see
there is no external DNS related DNS entry inside this
which we have created just now.
And also verify for load balancer,
classic load balancer got deleted successfully, right?
So this completes them.
They more related to using external DNS
for Kubernetes service.
So, I'll see you in the next demo.
Until then, bye-bye.
Thank you.